okay so how you doing I'm doing great
you know just um
she's doing what needs to be done what
does that mean I'm sorry dad um why
don't we just have lunch and talk we can
do that right
please you think that you have this
under control I understand why I do
things it doesn't make me any different
you're just embarrassed because I was
like you know I was like this amazing
thing like your special creation or
something and you know like Who I am now
yeah who are you Nick this isn't me that
here this is who I am this is not you
this is not you Nick what are you doing
huh you always got to be controlling
everything all the time let me let me
book you mean about at a hotel for love
night I wanted to go like this
[Music]
my son has gone missing Nicholas chef sh
e FF there's no one by that name sir
there are moments that I look at him
this kid that I raised who I thought I
knew inside and out and I wonder who he
is I thought we were close I thought we
were closer than most fathers and sons
why I felt better than ever had so I
just kept doing it
this isn't us this is not who we are my
son is out there somewhere and I don't
know what he's doing I don't know how to
help him you can't I don't feel like I
have a disease
this isn't one cancer this is my choice
I put myself here I failed I can't do it
alone
I need to find a way to fill this black
hole in me
I still have the family I want to be
proud of me
[Music]
what you have you're gonna find it again
you're gonna get it back
do you know how much I love you I love
you more than everything kind of
wrecking everything
everything
[Music]